# Scout Leaders Registration

Scout Leader registration involves the following fields.

## Fields
> #### **First Name***
>> the first name of the Scout.
> #### **Middle Name**
>> the middle name of the Scout.
> #### **Surname***
>> the surname of the Scout.
> #### **Gender***
>> a choice between male & female according to the sex of the Scout.
> #### **Image***
>> image file of the Scout(preferable a passport photo).
> #### **Date Of Birth***
>> a date in the format "YYYY-MM-DD" of when the Scout was born (Used in determination of the Scout's age which have to be above 18 years by the time of registration).
> #### **National Id/Passport***
>> ID number or Passport Number of the Jasiri Scout.
> #### **TSC Number**
>> Teachers Service Commission number (TSC) for Scout Leaders who are teachers.
> #### **Email***
>> the email address of the Jasiri Scout(Used for contact by the association).
> #### **Phone Number***
>> contact address of the Jasiri Scout(Used for contact by the association).
> #### **Unit***
>> relation to a unit that the Scout is belongs to.
> #### **Rank***
>> relation to the highest position (rank) that the Scout Leader is currently serving.
> #### **SubCounty***
>> relation to a sub-county where the Scout Leader practices scouting, also assigns the Scout Leader to a county and region.
> #### **Training**
>> Level of training by the Scout Leader as per the Scout Leaders training structure up to Four Beads Level.


::: tip Rank Options
Due to the controlled nature of KSA positions, ranks higher than those within the ***unit level*** can only be selected by the secretariat in the Training or Programme department. 
##### Unit Levels
- Scout Leader
- Assistant Scout Leader
:::


::: tip Note Better
    After registration the training level updates automatically after attending a 
    Scout Leaders Course and attaing the certificate from the Head-Office.

    The opptions are:
        - Not Yet Trained
        - ITC
        - PTC
        - WB Theory
        - WB Course
        - WB Assessment
        - Two Beads
        - ALT Course
        - ALT Project
        - Three Beads
        - LT Course
        - LT Project
        - Four Beads
:::

## System Generated Data for all Scouts

> #### Registration Date
> - auto-generated by the system with the specifics date & time when the Scout was registered.
> #### Unique Code
> - a five digits (or more) unique identifier of the Scout in the portal.
> #### Code
> - a combination of characters showing the **County**, **Unique Code** & **Section of the Scout**. e.g. a **female Jasiri** Scout with a *unique code* **"00001"**, will have a code **"F00001J"**.
> #### SubCounty
> - the sub-county to which the *unit* that the Scout belongs to is located consequently the county and region are acquired in the same manner.
> #### Section
> - During registration of a Scout the section is filled automatically as selected preir to the specific section registration form"